Privacy Policy

This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our App and the choices you have associated with that data.

We use your data to provide and improve the App. By using the App, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.

Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our App to you.

Types of Data Collected
Personal Data

While using our App, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

Facebook profile information (name, email address, profile picture)
User ID
Usage Data

We may also collect information on how the App is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your Facebook user ID, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers, and other diagnostic data.

Use of Data
We use the collected data for various purposes:

To provide and maintain the App
To notify you about changes to our App
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our App when you choose to do so
To provide customer support
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our App
To monitor the usage of our App
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country, or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction.

If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to the United States and process it there.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
